For Ember Times No. 96: Add Writeup for Milestones + Ember Paris Contributor Workshop (#97)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-04-28-the-ember-times-issue-96.md

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

> This week:

Reviewer: I can't add this cleanly in suggestions, can we put them in chronological order?

Author: Yes sure, I'll update this in just a bit!

- **easier navigation through concurrency** 🕗 in your app tests,
- Ember **contributions** from the **EmberJS Paris** contributor workshop 🇫🇷,

---

## [Section Title in Title Case 🐹](#section-url)

<change section title emoji>
<consider adding some bold to your paragraph>

<add your name to author list, top and bottom>
<add blurb and emoji to "SOME-INTRO-HERE">

---

## [Merci for Your Contributions at EmberJS Paris 🐹🇫🇷](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis/status/1120760348485799939)

> Last week's **contributor workshop** organised by the folks over at the [EmberJS Paris meetup](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis) has been a **real success**: with new changes to Ember CLI, improvements to Ember addons and even a brand-new RFC written, the Ember community gave back to the project, with some of the work even being made by first-time contributors! 🙌

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Last week's **contributor workshop**, organised by the folks over at the [EmberJS Paris meetup](https://twitter.com/EmberJSParis), was a **real success**: with new changes to Ember CLI, improvements to Ember addons and even a brand-new RFC written, the Ember community gave back to the project, with some of the work even being made by first-time contributors! 🙌
```

> Already feeling inspired to participate in or initiate your own **Ember contributor workshop**? Be sure to check out [these helpful resources to help you get you started](https://github.com/ember-learn/emberjs-contributors-workshop). And don't forget to check back on [#dev-ember-learning Discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs) and the [Ember Help Wanted app](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) to find something neat to work on. Codage heurex! 💻❤️

Reviewer 3: I would remove the help after the to, helpful resources in itself are meant to help :)

Author: Agreed, I'll update that one :+1:

> Already feeling inspired to participate in or initiate your own **Ember contributor workshop**? Be sure to check out [these helpful resources to help you get you started](https://github.com/ember-learn/emberjs-contributors-workshop). And don't forget to check back on [\#dev-ember-learning Discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs) and the [Ember Help Wanted app](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) to find a something neat to work on. Codage heurex! 💻❤️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already feeling inspired to participate in or initiate your own **Ember contributor workshop**? Be sure to check out [these helpful resources to help you get you started](https://github.com/ember-learn/emberjs-contributors-workshop). And don't forget to check back on [#dev-ember-learning Discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs) and the [Ember Help Wanted app](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) to find something neat to work on. Codage heurex! 💻❤️
```

> Already feeling inspired to participate in or initiate your own **Ember contributor workshop**? Be sure to check out [these helpful resources to help you get you started](https://github.com/ember-learn/emberjs-contributors-workshop). And don't forget to check back on [\#dev-ember-learning Discord channel](https://discordapp.com/invite/emberjs) and the [Ember Help Wanted app](https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/) to find a something neat to work on. Codage heurex! 💻❤️

Reviewer 2: I don't know French, sadly. Google said the spelling is `heureux`, and I wasn't sure if `heurex` is the same.

(I didn't realize we had sites dedicated to contributions. These are great!)

Author: That's right, it should be `heureux` - thank you for the double check 🇫🇷

---

## [A New Milestone 💎 for Managing Concurrency in Your Test Suite 🕗](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)

> Managing **concurrency** in your app can be hard (at least until you start using [ember-concurrency](http://ember-concurrency.com) ✨).

Reviewer 2: I think you can show the two sentences in one, continued paragraph.
```suggestion
Managing **concurrency in your app** can be hard (at least, until you start using [ember-concurrency](http://ember-concurrency.com) ✨). Managing **concurrency in your tests** can be even harder.
```

But **managing concurrent behaviour** in your **tests** can be even harder.

> 

Reviewer 3: Maybe make this `the hardest` or something other than `can be even harder` because you already use that before.

Author: Sounds good :+1:

> But there's a new hope, called [Milestones](https://twitter.com/__dfreeman/status/1120410100227878913). Celebrating its first public release, this library helps you to build apps with concurrent behaviour that's easy to navigate in both your dev and test environment. Check it out [today and give it a try](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But there's a new hope, called [Milestones](https://twitter.com/__dfreeman/status/1120410100227878913). Celebrating its first public release, this library helps you build apps with concurrent behaviour that's easy to navigate in both your dev and test environment. Check it out [today and give it a try](https://salsify.github.io/milestones/)!
```
